hey guys you know I was tempted to take
my video camera and stand in front of
Kentucky Fried Chicken and make a joke
out of this thing because we do have a
Kentucky Fried tree we have several here
in kunming china um I was tempted to
respond to some of the recent
allegations and rumors by an effect by
trolling by making a joke out of it
because those allegations and rumors are
a joke but you know the truth is what I
really like to do on this channel is to
make videos that will still be
meaningful to me personally if i come
back and watch them five years later I
like to make videos that my daughter
could see one day someone else could see
outside of the context of this
controversy outside of the context of
whatever happens to be going on this
week or this month and I don't really do
trolling but yeah it would have been
funny I could have filmed myself walking
into kentucky fried chicken with six
thousand five hundred dollars and saying
it would give me as much deep fried
turkey death as I can get I know you
know he could make joke other people
were claiming that I was gonna take the
money and uh and publish a diet book it
just a start making money out of out of
weight loss diet book gee who who who
else living communities doing that yeah
yeah my great diet book um six bagels a
day or or bagels until four yeah I could
have I could have gone that route for
sure my diet book that promises you you
can lose weight while eating unlimited
calories as long as you eat exactly six
bagels a day as long as you follow all
of my instructions um but no that's
that's not going to happen so look I
have gotten questions in the last two
weeks it has been i think it's not even
been two weeks since the fundraiser
closed i have gotten questions about
what happened the money which is
understandable and of course i've also
gotten people who just take that as a
excuse to attack me you know my last
update video if you look at how many
days ago it was i'm recording this nail
on the morning of jun 29th just not that
much time has passed a lot of you people
have grown up with video games and are
you
to instant gratification you know you
press the button you get a reaction
right away you think of it at whether
it's Twitter or email or video games
real life is not a movie okay I have a
court case in France but you guys know I
have a divorce case I'm related to all
this and that has delays of like 18
months involved with a lawyer says I a I
filed the paperwork the next stage will
happen in 18 months all right okay you
know what is what is the legal system do
with the paperwork for 18 months it's
absurd but that's how real legal
processes work there are long delays and
beyond that I'm here in China I'm also
dealing with international bank
transfers and international financial
transactions take time they're not
instant they're not like a video game
they're not like a movie they take time
so um it doesn't muse me I wrote to one
guy who has a channel on YouTube I'm not
going to name him here I'm not going to
read his messages to me but this is one
of the many people who have really tried
to make a career out of defaming me and
who pretends that he's never talked to
me when we've talked i did for more than
a year me and this guy and when I
provided consistently quite honest and
open answers I came to say answers to
his questions when he's made really kind
of mean-spirited and malicious
allegations against me and accusations
against me I've written to him saying
look you know here are the facts and
I've done so in a way that is respectful
that you know treats him with dignity
even though he does not respect me he
does not treat me with dignity now it
just mentioned I was talking to another
youtuber recently another vegan um you
know and that vegan used the language of
owing of owing someone an explanation
this other youtuber saleable we know we
don't owe anyone an explanation we don't
know the audience thinks we don't know
where and I think that's always the
wrong way to consider these things I
actually addressed that in my my video
the apology to freely video it's not a
question of whether than I owe you the
truth or to be treated with
consideration have you generosity itself
being a generous person means that you
treat people better than anything you
owe them you don't
them anything and you choose to be
giving you choose to be generous you
choose to treat them with an open heart
and open mind you choose to treat them
well anyway that's a big part of what
generosity is what generosity means and
you know even people who hate me I have
been generous with and a couple people
have written to be not many asking me
what what was up with the the money
collected from the a crowdfunding
website and the simple answer is not
enough time has passed funny has not
been collected yet actually if you look
at the fine print on the website you
would know that but here's here's the
reply just sent to this guy again I'm
not going to read his messages to me but
here's a message i just sent to him so
it opens by saying you have an
alternative you can stop telling lies
when you don't know the facts you can
actually ask me that is pause the point
is here you don't really have an excuse
for telling a lie about someone that
begins by saying well i don't know what
the facts are but here's my speculation
and your speculation of course assumes
the worst about me and then proceeds to
basically attack me and denigrate me and
claim that i'm a terrible character so
you know you can't just start by saying
well i don't really know what happened
in chiang mai but here's my assumption
and here's my series of you know of you
know aspersions cast in this guy's
character what especially not when you
know me when I talk to you when I've
been willing tell you a photo here's
what actually happened in this case
especially not when most of the
allegations now you know the people who
made the allegations have either
admitted they weren't true that the
accusations but were never true they
never had any basis in fact or some
people have just clarified that they
never even made those accusations in
some cases there was miscommunication
human vol said look they never claimed
that nothing like that ever happened
which you know again what viewers this
channel will know what I'm what I'm
talking about so I just say the
justification for telling lies this type
gets especially thin when I've been
willing to talk to you what I've been
willing to tell you what's going on
hahaha despite your real hostility
toward me I patiently provide you with
the facts in the recent past and you
provide and you responded with complete
scorn you
as you thought my email was too long etc
but these things are difficult to
explain in a way that's credible when
you were addressing someone who openly
reviles you you have claimed many many
times that i am a manipulator pause
that's also hilarious me people who
claim that my videos are scripted and
then I'm a brilliant actor and that even
when I'm breaking down weeping on camera
that that's fake you know that when I'm
breaking down weeping about the thought
of not seeing my daughter that that's a
contrived perform you know good luck um
you claim many many times that
manipulator in these messages that I've
written to you is there any manipulation
no zero in your statements about me is
there into intentional manipulation yes
a great deal you've just admitted now
the difference between your actual view
of my legal case and what you said in a
recent video so you know he said in his
message to me I actually believe you
will do the right thing with the money
you've collected in donations he said
but people have been asking me what
happened I they've been asking him not
me they've been asking this other guy
and he didn't have an answer so he just
made up these allegations guess we just
made up you know he just assumed the
worst speculated wildly and said
negative things about men dinner um and
my reply to this is I said you could
have asked me instead of saying again
what a terrible person I am on the
Internet you could have written to me
and asked you didn't instead you assume
the worst speculated further and made
yet more videos presuming that I'm a
manipulator etc when I've been a hundred
percent honest and direct with you
despite the fact that Eugenie willing to
not deserve such honesty again it's it's
about treating people better than they
deserve Shakespeare is a line about that
you know yet treat treat each man
according to his deserts and who should
escape way whipping this is about
treating people better than they deserve
if you had taken five minutes to read
the fine print on the donation website
this is the crowdfunding website if you
would think in five minutes to read the
fine print on the crowdfunding website
what would you have seen they promised
to send the money fifth
teen days after the fundraiser ends if
you keep reading the fine print
international bank transfers could make
it 18 days etc thus at this time jun
29th i have not received one dollar from
the fundraiser yet i haven't received
any money from the crowdfunding website
generosity calm in real life things take
time international bank transfers take
time and legal paperwork takes time to
you've just said that you have enough
experience with lawyers to know this but
you choose to act like an idiot on the
internet and to make malicious
accusations against me because you think
it will win you the adoration of your
audience real people do real things I
have never tried to be your friend what
I've done is treated you with decency in
my recent videos i've talked about
tolerance but I've also talked about the
importance of having a middle category
of people who are neither your friends
nor your enemies and the importance of
treating those people with decency even
if they offend you even if they hurt
your feelings really my recent videos
have had an important message for people
like you and they've had an important
message for you specifically